New members of the military first have to get used to the fact that they
are no longer the center of the universe, and that what they owe
is is a debt of allegiance to their immediate buddies in their unit
and that their buddies will take care of them but they have to take
care of their buddies, and that's a different mindset. I think people
who've gone through team athletics have that mindset and can pick
it up very rapidly, but a lot of people who are new to the military
don't get that you have to learn that you're not as important as everybody
else is together you have to learn that kind of cohesiveness
and camaraderie that keeps going and part of that is the group needs
to be responsive to leadership, and once you've learned that cohesive
group and responsive to leadership then your life is golden in the
military.